{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Courier New;}}\f0\fs22 IH35 ERP — Master redesign progress report\par Generated (UTC): 2026-04-17T20:03:50.456Z\par \par --- Summary ---\par Overall completion: ~66.0% toward the documented intent of Rules 0–24 in this repo (not pixel-perfect spec parity). Figures are for planning and continuity; they are judgment-based, not a contract metric. (Average of the per-rule fractions in the table below ÷ 25 ≈ 0.6604 → 66.04%; rounded headline ~66.0%.)\par Rolling average (above table): sum of fractions ÷ 25 ≈ 0.6604 (66.04%; headline ~66.0%). When reporting updates, revise fractions (not the formula) as work lands, then re-average.\par \par --- Policy ---\par Autonomous redesign policy (this repo): Loads & dispatch board (dispatch.html) is LOWEST PRIORITY until other checklist work is further along; skip dispatch-only UI passes unless explicitly doing end-of-list cleanup. Progress % and changelog are sourced from ERP_MASTER_REDESIGN_STATUS.md.\par \par --- Recent changelog (last up to 12 numbered entries) ---\par 106. Security alerts + catalog + print + fuel scroll (`app-theme.css`, Rules 0 + 12 + 13 + 16): `.sec-alert-high|warn|info` borders ordered so `border-left` stripe wins + `pill-*` / `btn-danger-border` / `color-warning-border-soft` / `color-semantic-warning`; `.catalog-admin-table` `th`/`td` borders + `th` `--color-bg-header`; `@media print` `body.erp-maintenance` page background `var(--color-bg-card)`; `.acct-fuel-import-scroll` border/surface tokens.\par 107. Save split + QB inputs (`app-theme.css`, Rules 0 + 13 + 20): `.qb-split--primary|neutral` shells (`--btn-primary-save-bg` border + `--sidebar-muted` + `--color-bg-card`); neutral `.qb-split__main` gradient/text/hover + primary label/caret `--color-bg-card`; `:focus-visible` rings `--color-warning-border-soft`; `.qb-split__caret` divider `color-mix` on `--color-bg-card` (with rgba fallback); `.qb-in` border `--color-border|line`.\par 108. Shop + board nav + KPI strip (`app-theme.css`, Rules 0 + 12): `.maint-exp-pill` / `.shop-queue-card*` surfaces + borders + overdue `--color-semantic-warn-accent` border; `.nav-badge--danger` label `--color-bg-card`; `.maint-board-nav__btn:hover` `color-mix` on `--accent` (rgba fallback); `.maint-board-nav__btn.active` `--app-frame-border` / `--sidebar-text` / `--color-nav-bg|sidebar-bg`; `.maint-kpi-card` border/surface tokens.\par 109. Catalog + picker + dashboard cards (`app-theme.css`, Rules 0 + 12): `.catalog-add-card*` / `.catalog-search-results` borders + card surface; `.qb-picker-menu` border + prefers `var(--shadow-dropdown)` over `--shadow-md` (literal fallback); maintenance `.hero-card` / `.panel` / `.metric` / `.record-card` `--color-bg-card|border`; `.qb-doc-actions` top rule `--color-border|line`.\par 110. WO map dots + QB primary + cost totals + settlement rows (`app-theme.css`, Rules 0 + 12 + 13 + 17): `.tire-dot` / `.maint-part-dot` fills/strokes/active use `--line-strong`, `--muted`, `--accent`, `--color-nav-bg`, `--sidebar-bg`; `.qb-btn-primary` uses `--btn-primary-save-bg|hover` + `--color-bg-card` label; `.cost-total-ok|bad` use `--color-success-border-soft` / `--color-semantic-*` with `color-mix` ring (rgba fallbacks); `table.st-settlement td` `border-bottom` `var(--color-border, var(--line))`; `.qb-attach-box` + `.maint-line-part-map-host` dashed borders `var(--color-border, var(--line-strong))`.\par 111. QB shell `:root` token bridge (`erp-master-redesign.css`, Rules 0 + 2): `--qb-page|panel|line|line-input|text|text-strong|muted|placeholder` → `--color-bg-page|bg-card|border|border-input|text-body|text-primary|text-label|text-placeholder`; `--qb-green` → `--btn-primary-save-bg`; `--qb-blue` → `--color-border-focus`; `--qb-red` → `--color-semantic-error`; `--qb-icon-nav-bg|muted` → `--color-nav-bg|nav-inactive`; `--qb-amber` unchanged (no spec-aligned amber token); `--qb-focus-ring` unchanged rgba.\par 112. Dispatch sheet literals (`erp-master-redesign.css`, Rules 0 + 2): `body.dispatch-page` legacy `.topbar` / `.tabs` / `.data` / `.modal` + `#dispatchApp` topbar / sidebar / `.erp-btn-primary` / embed status bar — remaining `#f1f3f4`, `#fafbfc`, `#e8f0fe`, `#aec9f9`, `#d2e3fc`, `#fff` on controls use `var(--color-bg-header|pill-blue-bg|btn-info-border|color-bg-active|color-bg-card)`; `@media print` literals unchanged.\par 1. Priorities: Which rules are mandatory for the next release vs nice-to-have (spec asks for everything at once; engineering may still sequence).\par 2. Rule 10 / React path: Shared component + build step vs one canonical HTML/JS cost-line implementation.\par 3. Rule 4 — + New menu: Which rows are deep-links vs new modals (avoid new save APIs unless explicitly scoped).\par 4. Rule 18: Thin `GET /api/qbo/accounts`-style aliases vs documenting existing catalog routes only.\par 5. Regression: Run server + manual click-through + `node scripts/system-smoke.mjs` when convenient before release.\par \par --- Files ---\par Source: docs/ERP_MASTER_REDESIGN_STATUS.md\par Consolidated report: docs/ERP_MASTER_REDESIGN_FINAL_REPORT.md\par \par Open this .rtf in Microsoft Word. To keep .docx, use File → Save As → Word Document (.docx).\par}